update README (#40)
moov-io/iso8583: README.md

# moov-io/iso8583

[![GoDoc](https://godoc.org/github.com/moov-io/iso8583?status.svg)](https://godoc.org/github.com/moov-io/iso8583)
[![Build Status](https://github.com/moov-io/iso8583/workflows/Go/badge.svg)](https://github.com/moov-io/iso8583/actions)
[![Coverage Status](https://codecov.io/gh/moov-io/iso8583/branch/master/graph/badge.svg)](https://codecov.io/gh/moov-io/iso8583)
[![Go Report Card](https://goreportcard.com/badge/github.com/moov-io/iso8583)](https://goreportcard.com/report/github.com/moov-io/iso8583)
[![Apache 2 licensed](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-Apache2-blue.svg)](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/moov-io/iso8583/master/LICENSE)

Package `github.com/moov-io/iso8583` implements a message reader and writer written in Go decorated with a HTTP API for creating, parsing, and validating financial transaction card originated interchange messaging.

Docs: [API Endpoints](https://moov-io.github.io/iso8583/api/)

## Getting Started

### Docker

> We publish a [public Docker image `moov/iso8583`](https://hub.docker.com/r/moov/iso8583/tags) on Docker Hub with iso8583 tagged release of Wire. No configuration is required to serve on `:8080`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We publish a [public Docker image `moov/iso8583`](https://hub.docker.com/r/moov/iso8583/tags) on Docker Hub with tagged release of the package. No configuration is required to serve on `:8080`.

```
